And so we're basically gonna build this,
we're gonna build this very, very quickly
to show you guys how you never have to
write a Docker file again, well, directly.
You never have to write a circle
CI configuration again.
And if you've written programs enough,
you could probably kind of see where we're
going with this and
how we're gonna build it.
But it's really that simple, right?
So we have service directory,
now we have our service templates.
Now, again,
we're gonna build this pretty quickly, so
I will again push up the code for
you guys so you have it.
But what I wanna do really is,
I just want to create a very simple,
TypeScript project, and
created index.ts with that.
Got it.
One thing we need to add is what
we added before, TypeScript.
So now if I go here, there we go.
We're good.
Okay, so let's go back to our diagram.
And let's make sure we check
our document first actually.
So we wanna make a Docker file and
we wanna make a circle
CI file autogeneratable.
We know that we need a DSL and
a CLI tool to do that.
So, why don't we do the easier one first,
which is declaring our DSL,
our domain-specific language.
So just like we did before,
I'm just gonna start with type safety.
I'm just gonna start writing types.
And so in this case, we'll say build JSON,
maybe, something like that.
And then in this, we'll start typing
our domain-specific language.
So, say name, string.
We'd say service type string.
Now remember, this is type.
So if I wanted to,
I could even give service type an enum,
a specific enum that is only usable
within these specific things or whatever.
So that's just something else to
remember is I'm just doing the simple,
you can go way beyond this.
So now we have this.
Let's also do this really quickly.
Let's create a build by JSON file so
we can actually test it as well.
Again, in my index.js, I have this, and
in my Build.JSON,
we're going to duplicate it.
So we're gonna say name and
why don't we do this?
Why don't we follow the same naming
convention that we did before so
we could say devops,
this is the devops course front end.
That's the name of it.
And then if we wanted to, we could
actually just say DevOps course there.
And because it's gonna have the service
type here, front end like that.
Those two variables [LAUGH]
alone can tell you a lot
about how a service is built and
how we maintain it.
Just by having a name and a service type,
we can now tell it what kind of
service it's built or
what kind of service is built.
We can say for
front ends we have a completely different
Docker file than a backend per se.
We have a lot of flexibility
by just having those two, but
I'm gonna show you just super quickly,
we're not gonna do it right now.
Actually I'll show it to you in a second.
Let's move forward.
So as I said, these two things are very,
very powerful.
And again,
even just having this helps us in DevOps
know how to get to where we need to.
So now that we have that, we're gonna
have to do a little bit of coding.
And we need to create a few functions
to get our CLI tool to work properly.
First off, we need to make it so
our program is actually a CLI tool.
And so I'm just gonna use a very
common tool called Yargs, to do that.
If you guys have ever heard of
Yargs before, it just makes it so
that node CLI tool or
node can be used as a CLI tool.
It's very, very simple.
And the main point here is
that we wanna create a command
that we can use this as and
generate our code with.
And so I'm literally just going
to copy all of that from here,
and we're gonna do function main,
just like I had before.
And we're gonna post
all that code into it.
Now, again, I'm just copying directly
from their example, all right?
So I'm not doing anything crazy and if
you're interested, Here it is right here.
All right, so here's what we're gonna do.
We're gonna say yarn add yards.
Now we have yards.
So we'll say import yards from yards.
And then we will just get rid of this.
So we have yards like this.
Now it's complaining because it's
saying that we don't have types.
We could move forward if we wanted to and
just not use types, but
we're using TypeScripts, so
we should probably add our types.
So I'm just gonna do yarn,
add dev at types yards,
In this area, that should work, cool.
So I'm not gonna do anything else.
I'm just gonna save this and
then I'm gonna do node index.js.
Cannot use import statement
outside of a module.
Jeez, did I do something wrong?
Let's do this really quickly.
The autogenerated TypeScript file is not
always exactly what you would want it
to be so I'm just gonna grab one that
I know is not gonna complain at me.
I just gotta put that in its place.
Oops, there we go.
So just to go over this really quickly,
this is a TSC config file.
Basically, it's a TypeScript
configuration file.
Because we're using TypeScript, we are
using what's called a superset language.
Or basically a superset to a language.
And so we have to compile the code or
transpile the code from TypeScript
to JavaScript basically.
And so this configuration helps us get
there by telling us what the module
resolution is, if it should pretty stuff,
or in what files it's looking at.
But this just helps us set
up our TypeScript stuff so
that it actually just
works out of the box.
I do that, cannot use, why are you saying?
My bad.
There we go.
So, property script name does not exist.
So it's saying that, I guess maybe
they're examples out of date.
There we go, okay, cool.
So we're just gonna grab this.
And we'll get rid of all this.
And we'll just replace it
with this little one liner.
Sorry, I'm on a Mac.
There we go.
So then we'll go here with this like
this and we'll just put this right here.
Import, you don't have to do this but
I do it just because I'm weird.
Process, so then,
Add dev types node.
Gotta add that really quickly.
And then we can actually
get rid of that now.
There we go.
So if I do console.log argv, and
then we run this, see if this works.
[LAUGH] Yeah, and one more thing, ts node.
So do mpx ts node.
There we go.
That's what we're looking for, cool.
All right, so go back here.
That's why it's not working.
Got to tell it to execute the main.
There we go.
So now we can see that I have
a command line of some sort and
I'm getting stuff back.
So now if I was to do like, name foo,
you'll see that I have name here.
So now what I need to do is just start
getting the args I need off of it.
So iin this case if I do argv, and
then just grab name, Argv.
Name, Like this.
Then we run this.
Look at what I get, foo.
Now again,
this is a very simple CLI tool [LAUGH] I'm
not trying to show you guys
the best way to make a CLI tool.
What I am trying to show you is
how to just get started with one.
And so if we do name foo we
could do service type front end.
And so now we can even do,
Service name foo and stuff like that.
Now, is this where we wanna
put these parameters though?
This is supposed to go in our build.json.
So what is the parameter we need
to give to our actual CLI tool so
it can get those values?
What do you think we need
to pass to our CLI tool so
that it can read the build.json?
We need to give it to
the path to the build.json.
So what we need to do is we
actually need to say config.
And then do something like this.
Now this is gonna error because
it's gonna say undefined but
now if I do config, and then I rerun this,
now I can find my build.json.
So now if we talk about needing a CLI
tool that can read a build.json,
the only thing we really need left is
to be able to actually read the file.
And we'll say const build
equals argv config.
I guess it's just readSync now.
Nope, readFileSync, there she is.
So then we'll do readFileSync, Build path.
And we should get back a buffer.
So we'll say const
configuration equals this.
And then if I do
console.log configuration,
I believe we'll just get a buffer.
We won't actually get what we need,
but that's okay.
As string, Implicitly, any,
Shut up, Build.
I need to figure this out,
just give me a second.
Not entirely sure why it's giving me this.
So let's do this.
Let's read the docs really quickly.
I could just do this too,
so ignore statement.
Sorry guys,
just give me one second for a block.
No check.
Got it.
The reason why this is complaining
is is because I guess Yargs isn't
really comfortable with TypeScript.
So we're just going to no check this
part because we know it's there.
But we don't want it
to freak out about it.
Yes, no check comment is top of the line
file, disable type checking for that file.
There we go.
Yeah, there, that's fine for now.
Cool, so now, if I do this,
We get an invalid arg type.
So, let's take a look and
see what we've got here.
Console.log, buildPath.
And we'll get rid of this.
Oops, and then we'll write this.
Now an arg type, let's try this.
Let's go to here.
Comment that out,
let's see what this says.
That would be why.
So why are we not, because it's config
>> It's config, not build, yeah.
>> Conventions are good to stick with.
[LAUGH]
>> Should make that a rule.
>> What's that?
>> [SOUND] [LAUGH]
>> You got me!
[LAUGH] So let's see if this loads now.
There we go.
So we should get a buffer out of this.
Good call, good call.
Thank you for the help on that one.
[LAUGH] Bam,
so what we wanna do now is is
we just wanna add to this and
we simply wanna make sure it
knows that the encoding it needs.
And the best way to do that
is just to do encoding and
then I believe it's just UTF8,
if I'm not mistaken.
Bam, cool.
So, what have we got now?
Now, we've got a CLI tool
that can read build.json.
Not only that,
it can have a service name and a service
type that we can give it if we need to.
So we have successfully
completed this part.
That was not a green I was expecting.
[LAUGH] There we go,
that's a better green.
So we've successfully completed this part.
We now have the CLI tool being
able to load in the build.json.
And if we wanted to,
we could even do json.parse and
configuration, and then do as BuildJSON.
And then we can say
const configurationData
like stuff and then configurationData.
If I can spell configuration properly.
Bam and now we have it in a parsable
format that we can easily use.
So now I should just be able to do dot and
there it is.
There's my service name and
so forth and so on.